h1. Machinist Mongo

It aims to replace "machinist_mongomapper":http://github.com/yeastymobs/machinist_mongomapper to provide "Machinist":http://github.com/notahat/machinist adapters not just for "MongoMapper":http://mongomapper.com but for all the others MongoDB ORMs too. Right now it supports "Mongoid":http://mongoid.com and "MongoMapper":http://mongomapper.com, but we aim to support _all_ "mongoDB":http://www.mongodb.org/ ORMs, so If you're using something other than MongoMapper or Mongoid, please be sure to write a adapter for it.

h2. For Rails 2

Current Machinist Mongo versions are only compatible with Rails 3. Use 1.x versions to use Machinist Mongo with Rails 2.

h2. For Machinist 2

There's a machinist2 branch if you want to use Machinist Mongo with Machinist 2. It will be merge in the master branch before the Machinist Mongo 2.0.0 final version.

h2. Usage

Using Machinist MongoMapper is simple. Put this in your @Gemfile@:

bc. gem 'machinist_mongo', :require => 'machinist/mongoid' # or mongo_mapper

And run:

bc. bundle install

And you're all set. Be sure read "Machinist's README":http://github.com/notahat/machinist to find out how to create your objects and get this thing running.

h2. Contributors

* "Nicolas Mérouze":http://github.com/nmerouze
* "Cyril Mougel":http://github.com/shingara
* "Aubrey Holland":http://github.com/aub
* "Jeff Kreeftmeijer":http://github.com/jeffkreeftmeijer
* "Joshua Szmajda":http://github.com/joshsz
* "Rodrigo Alvarez":http://github.com/Papipo
